Hey, everyone, and welcome back.
So I want to show you how to create another type of recipe, which is like maybe a router search.
And there are different types of recipes that have to do with search, because if you think of all the
different instances of search, that includes stuff like lists, results, type heads, and that's what
we're going to start right now.
So you can actually go ahead and create a components for a text.
I'm not a big fan of doing that.
It gets a little hard to manage, but like, I'll show you what you can do here and how you can even
turn it into components totally up to you.
And it really depends on your application.
So I'm going to grab that iPhone again.
I'm going to actually apply a grid just to something simple, just so I can set my frame around it.
And I know that this is going to be like the.
With of these grids over here.
And I'm just going to name that type ahead.
West.
Now we need to actually create a list item.
So let me just fill this with a stroke so we know that that's our frame for now.
So let's move this out of the way.
Our list item.
When we think about type ahead, there's going to probably be like rules.
So I'm going to actually create a line.
So let's create a rule.
And that rule is probably going to have like a UI color.
Oh, that's a little too dark.
Maybe like 20.
Really subtle.
Maybe 40 is fine.
So we have that.
And now we need some text.
So let's think about which text we are going to use.
So say I start typing something.
Text type.
Fill list.
So there is my text.
It's not going to be 20 pixels.
I'm probably going to bring it down to 16.
That's good.
And, you know, some portion of it is going to actually not be pre-filled.
So you're going to have to do this manually for yourself.
So when we see pre filled text, that's how it usually is.
So we have our text set.
We also have maybe like an icon.
So let's grab an icon.
So you can very much make a list component.
I haven't.
What I are going to use.
We're going to use an outline 24 Pixel Chevron.
Right.
And like, very easy.
I'm just going to bring that in.
Just leave that there for now.
And I'm thinking about all the different parts of a pre filled list.
We have our text like if we're looking for something, it will automatically pre fill with bold and
whatever you've typed in with a t x over here is going to be just regular.
What I'm also going to do is I think like.
We may have a category indicator.
And that we can make a much smaller.
You know, maybe bold is way too much for a heading.
Maybe this is where, like our alternate small body copy comes into play.
And so what I'm going to do here is I'm actually going to create a frame and I'm just going to call
this text, I'm going to rename it to text, and we can use the label if we want.
And here we are just going to space that out maybe by four pixels.
And then we have.
Another frame.
So we're going to call this list item.
And what we can do here is we can just select both and automatically space them out so they're centered.
We select both of these, we can make sure they're eight pixels apart.
Let's do that.
So we know that these are all eight pixels apart from each other.
Let's go ahead and just rename these.
We call them rule like a horizontal rule.
At this point, we can actually start creating.
Our list items.
So I'm going to actually put this into this frame.
And this frame is now going to be an auto Lego frame.
And everything within this frame is going to be spaced by eight pixels.
So if I go ahead and take my list item and duplicate it.
Text.
Oops.
I can easily put it below.
And if I don't want to show this any longer.
I can easily do that.
And how that variation like that.
And my list item will.
You can just like resize to fit like that.
And there we go.
We can easily create a variant.
So that's how you can create like a different type of recipe over here.
So I've created this one.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to actually select this and that.
And you see eight pixels may seem like a little too much.
And I see UI 40 gray is a little too dark.
That's a little bit more subtle.
I think that's fine for now.
But if we want to bump that up like say by 16 pixels.
So I've noticed that that 40 is too dark.
And this is what I mean about your design system starting to evolve.
You'll realize that, hey, I may need something in between here.
Maybe if I dock this by another 20%, the rule may actually be a little nicer.
So if I say if I go 80% on that.
Maybe even 40% like that rule is a little bit more bearable, but that is something we just kind of
learn with time.
So I'm going to actually continue.
We can just see Command V, Command V and just create a huge list.
And there you have it.
That's your type of head list.
So we can go ahead and put that into our little section here.
Let's put into the recipe.
Perfect.
So that's one other type of list that we can create.
Obviously, you can turn these into components totally up to you.
If you feel like you're not using it enough, then you don't need to.
Another recipe that I thought about also when it comes to search is like your results.
So let's create a quick search result list.
So I'm going to actually.
Go to my cards and I'm going to grab like horizontal arrow search.
So we only really need one and then we can play with that.
So let's go back to our tab.
We can turn on our.
So I like to work within like a frame like that.
And what we're going to do here is when I think of search results, I'm going to space these out by
16 pixels.
We can even have a horizontal rule if we want.
We can also.
Ad variations.
Let's call these results and these are going to be in an auto layout, 16 pixels apart, vertical.
Perfect.
And so like when I delete one, the whole frame changes.
Okay.
That is good for now.
What I'm going to do here is look another title.
I'm going to put like maybe like 100 results
for music.
Now, what I can do is I can create another auto layout.
Let me show you what that looks like.
So I'm going to actually just push that over here.
Let's bring this down a bit.
So 16 pixels and I'm going to command C and then command V, so this is going to probably be in the
darker text color.
So a gray 80 and this is probably going to be in a 16 pixel regular.
So we're creating a lot more hierarchy here.
And we're going to create a frame around this and we're going to call this text.
And within that framework is just going to do an auto layout again.
And this one can be like a zero or whatever you see fit.
Like it could be like four.
That looks like good enough spacing.
And then like once you change something like this, it changes everything and same thing for that.
So keeping things very kind of like responsive to this mobile screen, we have a text portion.
Let's make sure that we're like maybe spaced out by that increment.
We got 24.
That's perfectly fine for now.
And then maybe there is like button here.
Actually.
Maybe not, Abuddin.
Let's go check our pill buttons here.
So we have a pill, Gro.
That's good.
So I'm going to actually place that right there, and I'm going to call this filter.
So maybe we handle filters in a button like this and we're going to remove.
Remove.
I'm going to resize that.
And let's take a look at our grid.
So we're going to resize that and we're going to select both.
And I'm going to center them.
And I'm just going to call this I'm going to make another frame option command G and I'm going to call
this.
What should we call it?
We should probably call it something like results info.
Then we can take this and call this.
Search results.
And there you have it.
You have an easy search result section where we can constantly add new items and this becomes like easy
way to just build up a page.
So I'm just actually going to.
Take this.
You can make this an auto layout as well, and you can space these two things by 24 pixels.
Totally up to you and you'll see how everything just grows.
And that's why I really love the auto layout.
So I'm going to actually take that command, see, and let's put that into the recipe.
And that is how you can make different types of recipes.
So this is more in relation to actual searching, but I have like a type of head list.
So when I'm actually typing in to my search input and then I actually have a results list where I can
show users how many results there are for their actual search.
And if I want to pop a filters overlay, I can do that with this button.
And I have all the different types of well, not all the different types, but I have different types
of results that I can always pull from if I needed to.
So this is how I would approach recipes for something like search that has different types of components
and different types of variations.